Rooms: Chateaus

Each Old European Boutique Chateau is adorned with luxurious amenities, including a private screened-in gazebo, a walkout balcony, and an outdoor hot tub overlooking the stunning scenery of Galeairy Lake and the romantic forests of Algonquin Park. Whether you’re unwinding after a day of exploration or simply soaking in the serenity, our outdoor hot tubs offer the perfect sanctuary to melt away life’s stresses in any season.

Step into your chateau and be greeted by the grandeur of towering 16-foot vaulted ceilings and a magnificent two-sided stone fireplace, seamlessly bridging the divide between the bedroom and living room. Furnished by Canada’s esteemed furniture emporium, The Art Shoppe of Toronto, every detail exudes sophistication and comfort, ensuring an indulgent stay for our guests.

At Couples Resort, we invite you to embark on a journey of unparalleled luxury and natural splendor, where every moment is crafted to enchant and delight. Come experience a world of romance and relaxation unlike any other, right here in the heart of Ontario’s wilderness.

-

All visits include daily 5 course dinner and breakfast

-

All Rooms Include

5 Stars Room Standards
Lakeside View
Private Out Door Hot Tubs
Private Balcony & Deck
King Size Beds
Wood Burning Fireplace
2 Chaise Lounge Chairs - Spring, Summer, Fall
2 Person Whirlpool Bath Tub
Bar FridgeSafes
Alarm Clock
Wi-Fi / Fibre Optic Internet - FREE
Guests Netflix - FREE
Phones - Long Distance FREE
50 inches Television
European Shower - 2 or more heads
2 Bath Robes
Hair Dryer & Cosmetic Mirror
Irons & Ironing Board
Keurif Coffee Maker with K-caps
Tap Water - Algonquin Park Aquifer

-

Exclusive To This Room

1400 square feet
Private Cabin with Outdoor Hot Tub
2 Televisions
Private Sauna
Microwave
Bidet
FREE Soapstone products
FREE Illy Espresso Machine with caps
Bathroom Make-up Vanity Table
Bathroom Double Sink
2 Person Shower, 4 Shower Head and Benches
Steam Shower

-


Thank you for taking the time to learn more about our resort and why we are Ontario’s number one choice for couples looking to reconnect.  For reservation enquiries and further information, please complete our contact form below.  Or if you prefer to talked call us at our toll free number listed below.

Couples Resort (Inc.)

1198 Osprey Rd, (End of)
Minden, Soyers Lake, ON
K0M 2K0

Toll Free: +1 877 201-1156
FAX: +1 613 638 2217
E-mail: info@coupleresort.com

-

First & Last Name
Email Address or Phone Number
Question/Comment
Send

-

Couples Resort

1198 Osprey Rd, (End of)
Minden, Soyers Lake, ON
K0M 2K0

Toll Free: +1 877 201-1156
FAX: +1 613 638 2217
E-mail: info@coupleresort.com

All prices and services on this website and in our reservation system are based on conditions at the time of publishing and are subject to change. Please call to confirm services, availability and pricing.

&copy; 2013 Couples Resort Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy policy.